JUSTIN LEADERLos Angeles, CA • (914) 523-9111 • justin@justinleader.com • linkedin.com/in/justinleaderAtlassian Sales and Solutions ExpertAmbitious technology evangelist with 15+ years of experience designing, selling, and delivering high-value technology solutions. Proven record of selling Atlassian software, advising C-suite executives, leading complex service delivery, and fostering long-term client relationships with global brands such as Samsung Semiconductor, Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Palo Alto Networks, US Air Force, and many others across multiple industries. 	$165M in Lifetime SalesSales success driven by innovative GTM approach and hands-on solution design.+95% YoY Customer ValueExpanding annual customer value by building trust and proving ROI for new teams.68% Sales Win RateSpeed, excellence, and value in sales allowed my teams to scale and maintain a high win rate. Sample of Previous Atlassian Clients
* Disney* Samsung Semiconductor* Dell* Anthem Healthcare* Accenture* Electronic Arts* Redbull* ByteDance* Thermo Fisher Scientific* Viacom* Capital One* Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)* Seagate* Splunk* Palo Alto Networks* Xerox* NetSuite* Union Pacific* US Air Force
Professional Experience2014 to present • HYPERVELOCITY CONSULTING (now part of Isos Technology) • Los Angeles, CACEO (2014 to 2023) | Co-Owner & Strategic Advisor, Isos (2023 to present)Founded and led Atlassian and Agile consulting firm to a successful exit in 2023. Grew company to 47 staff, leading sales team and providing solution engineering for most enterprise pre-sales opportunities. Specialized in the “Art of the Possible,” unlocking opportunities by solving problems and selling solutions to development, finance, HR, marketing, legal, security, and facilities teams. Personally designed, sold, delivered, and worked with executives on performance improvement and tooling in many industries, including healthcare, finance, entertainment, military, enterprise technology, and retail. Providing GTM strategies and sales leadership for AI tooling for Isos Technology post-acquisition.Growth through Innovative Solutions * Reduced cycle time and redundancies in product development for Dell's $10B+ PowerEdge server business by surveying end-to-end teams across product leadership executives, engineering, marketing, subsidiaries, and OEMs, then designing and building automated workflow tools, resulting in 9-years of continued Atlassian business.* Designed and built employee onboarding and security credentialing in Atlassian tools for the US Air Force, to replace an aging custom Human Resources solution.* Unblocked $3M in Atlassian spend at Palo Alto Networks by working with client team to develop and iterate on security and governance plans that convinced C-suite to approve a hybrid On-Prem / Cloud tooling model.* Enabled Samsung Austin Semiconductor to securely outsource IT tools support by adapting the model used by US Air Force for classified tooling support.* Won $8M over 6 years from the network of Hewlett Packard spinoff companies (including HPE, Agilent, and Keysight) through designing, implementing, and training all software development staff on a transformation to portfolio and task management tooling for Keysight that enabled management to see work progress and priorities across the organization.* Increased productivity 40% and coordinated on-budget digital transformation of 100+ processes for The Aerospace Corp by deploying and customizing Atlassian Jira, reorganizing teams, and C-Suite guidance for 300-person information systems division, resulting in $2.5M of additional in services over 4 years.* Saved The Aerospace Corp $5M+ by designing budgeting and approval tools in existing workflow products for the finance team used across the entire organization, instead of buying Oracle budgeting software. * Won competitive $1.2M portfolio management project at FOX Studios Networks Engineering and Operations through a solution proposal that was “much more detailed and thought out than competitors’ proposals.”* Enabled 2,500 users with fiduciary reporting requirements to use Atlassian tools by designing custom auditing software for The Capital Group, earning 4-year relationship with $5M+ in revenue.* Won deals, salvaged at-risk projects, and built consensus through relentless focus on excellent customer experience by leading teams to thoughtful preparation, polished materials, and exceptional writing skills.* Increased annual enterprise client revenue 15% YoY by cross-selling tools services, process coaching, and license sales.* Developed new service offerings that drove leads from the market and partners, including portfolio management, service management, cloud migration workshops, and AI fast-track implementations.2011 to 2013 • BIG RED BUTTON ENTERTAINMENT • Los Angeles, CAProducerCoordinated sales and development for a $25M software development project for a start-up video game firm. Designed and guided operational procedures to grow from startup to 65 staff, including initial hires and management in HR, administrative and IT departments. Coordinated between and unblocked departments. * Pitched and won $25M development deal with Nintendo and SEGA by working with stakeholders to craft pitch for exactly what SEGA was looking for, receiving first ever deal for non-SEGA developer to create mainline Sonic the Hedgehog console game. * Kept production on budget and schedule during expansion from 13 to 65 employees by deploying custom game-centric Agile Scrum development methodology.Early CareerCprime, Adaptavist, Go2Group • Independent Contractor • Contract Atlassian sales and solution delivery.Jerry Bruckheimer Games • Asst. to President of Production • Coordination with software development studios.Fun at Work • Founder • Production of iOS apps, including Apple-featured “Silent Bodyguard”Melodramatics Theatre Co. • General Manager • Community theatre with relentless focus on audience experience.Education & Professional DevelopmentCarnegie Mellon University • MastersCornell University • BachelorsAtlassian • Various ACP and Sales CertificationsScaled Agile Framework • SAFe Program Consultant, 2018JUSTIN LEADER 			 	      							Page 2